# If we call the function count(i) with the value of i as 1, then the program first checks the condition. When the first condition is false, it goes to the else case. In the else case, the count function is called again, this time with the value of i increased by 1. This process continues until the first condition is met, which is our base condition. When the base condition is hit, the function returns the value 0. This return value is passed back to where the function was called from. In this way, we get the output 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 in the console.

# If we call the function count(i) with the value of i as 1, then the program first checks the condition. When the first condition is false, it goes to the else case. In the else case,in the else case we are multiplying i with the count function with function call, this time with the value of i increased by 1. This process continues until the first condition is met, which is our base condition. When the base condition is hit, the function returns the value 0. This return value is passed back to where the function was called from and multiply with i. In this way, we get the output 0 in the console becase multiply any number with 0 is return 0;

# If we call the function count(i) with the value of i as 1, then the program first checks the condition. When the first condition is false, it goes to the else case. In the else case,in the else case we are multiplying i with the count function with function call, this time with the value of i increased by 3. This process continues until the first condition is met, but there is no chance to met the base condition becase we are increasing i by 3 and we are comparing if i is equal to 5 than return 0. this is why the base condition will never met and our programm will will give stackOverFlow error.

# https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PbCBCqc-r3EMAmlhmBfyD9JZqnzCf-1YOJbSI3dr0DY/edit?usp=sharing
